
Q: 
questions from project desc

Q:
exec line 81
order of arguments

Q:
why is eax being set to 0 in fork?
online said it was an arithmetic register
proc.c fork
proc.c clone
I think thread's should have as their parent the maker thread's parent, not the maker thread
tyler says no

Q: 
can you explain init.c again?

Q: 
why aren't we doing stuff with the context during fork
why only touching the trapframe?
don't we need all the stored registers? 

Q:
follow-up about email
How does that explain apparent redundancy on loading (ppt 1.16 slide 30+)

Q5: context switch info
PCB is the proc struct, right?
Threads need that, so need proc.
slide 30, ppt 1.16: on context switch, it stores registers relevant to execution state in both PCB (for the processor?) and process A’s kernal stack (for the process itself?). How not redundant?
Possible explanations:
Is the saving to kstack A only "hey hold this for a second" temporary?
Are they different regs?
Follow-up: why thread have own kernal stack?
A1: 
the ones pushed to k-stack(A) are the trapframe, then trap handler (trap() points the proc to the trapframe 
trapasm
Note: the place it stores those registers is in a trapframe struct 
trapframe and context both hold registers
trapframe has all the registers, context just has some of them
A2:
store them on the stack, point to them from the proc
A3:
all traps go to alltraps (trapasm.S)
build trapframe to store info about user, call trap()
yield (

context switch: switchuvm switches page tables (user memory)
context is kernal "context"
trapframe is user "context"

Note: there is implicit context switch going on when switch from user thread to kernal thread within same process (we see with the 
loading of registers from the trap vector)
how does swtch.S know where the stack pointer is? it was passed it, the context is saved at the top of the stack, so the context is sp

*** it's different register values: those of user par tof B vs those of kernal part of B

Q11: existing kthread does not have a stack or proc, why should the new kthread have them?
You're talking about kernal threads, not k threads.
Plus it's a different use of term "thread" just a way of saying moving to kernal mode

apic - interrupt controller

Q7: 
what if they fork the calling process?
duplicate everything? b/c I made shallow copies to make the thread (e.g. setting p->shared_pages = old_proc-> shared_pages)
A: 
why would you want to make threads and then fork? 
Don't break forking or anything, but probs don't worry about it.
Behavior is undefined, so grading will probably not have test case. 
I will bet that test code/grading not deals with this. 

Q6:
ok to have undefined behavior if parent (do threads have parents) does not call join?
b/c I have shallow copies
A: yes

Q8
I not think user should allocate kernal stack!
just let kernal do it, like in allocproc! (more consistent, already implemented)
A: 
user is allocating the user stack, silly 

Q9!!!
order of arguments in code docs (p.34) is reverse of what ground up says (p. 54 "pushes all of the parameters for the
function onto the stack in the reverse order that they are documented")
No wait, the diagram contradicts itself (see notes on the side)
ASK EXPLAIN DIAGRAM

Q1: why doesn't calling the function work? (from within sys_clone, I try to call the function pointer)
A: b/c it's in user space, but in my test i tried to call it from kernal space
how will that not be a problem in the real test?
b/c the real test does not call it from kernal space, rather just saves it's info to call later

Q2: why doesn't git ignore work on the tags?

Q4: scheduler presumably put processes on cpus randomly, so any threads I create could end up on the same cpu, 
that's ok, right?
A: yeah
